docs: fix grammar, spelling, and spacing in README (#51980)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/README.md

are referring to.

If you look for the documentation, it is stored as follows:

Documentation in separate distributions:

* `airflow-core/docs` - documentation for Airflow Core
* `providers/**/docs` - documentation for Providers
* `chart/docs` - documentation for the Helm Chart
* `task-sdk/docs` - documentation for Task SDK (new format not yet published)
* `airflow-ctl/docs` - documentation for Airflow CLI (future)

Documentation for a general overview and summaries not connected with any specific distribution:

* `docker-stack-docs` - documentation for Docker Stack'
* `providers-summary-docs` - documentation for the provider summary page

# Architecture of documentation for Airflow

Building documentation for Airflow is optimized for speed and for the convenience workflows of the release
managers and committers who publish and fix the documentation - that's why it's a little complex, as we have 
multiple repositories and multiple sources of documentation involved.

There are a few repositories under `apache` organization that are used to build the documentation for Airflow:

* `apache-airflow` - the repository with the code and the documentation sources for Airflow distributions,

>    provider distributions, provider's summary, and docker summary: [apache-airflow](https://github.com/apache/airflow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   provider distributions, providers' summary, and docker summary: [apache-airflow](https://github.com/apache/airflow).
```

Author: done!

   From here, we publish the documentation to an S3 bucket where the documentation is hosted.
* `airflow-site` - the repository with the website theme and content where we keep sources of the website

>    structure, navigation, and theme for the website [airflow-site](https://github.com/apache/airflow). From here,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   structure, navigation, and theme for the website [airflow-site](https://github.com/apache/airflow-site). From here,
```

hmmm... just notice the link for it is wrong 🤔

Author: updated the link^^

so you should always run it after you modify the documentation for the website. Other than that Fastly is
configured with 3600 seconds TTL - which means that changes will propagate to the website in ~1 hour.

> Shortly after the workflow succeeds and documentation is published, in the live bucket, the `airflow-site-archive`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shortly after the workflow succeeds and documentation is published, in the live bucket, the [airflow-site-archive](https://github.com/apache/airflow-site-archive)
```

Author: done!

> repository is automatically synchronized with the live S3 bucket. TO-DO: IMPLEMENT THIS, FOR NOW IT HAS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository is automatically synchronized with the live S3 bucket. TODO: IMPLEMENT THIS, FOR NOW IT HAS
```

TODO is something that can usually be highlighted by the editor. let's keep it

Author: done!

* https://github.com/apache/airflow-site/blob/main/sphinx_airflow_theme/sphinx_airflow_theme/__init__.py#L21
* https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/main/devel-common/pyproject.toml#L77 in "docs" section

> In case of bigger changes to the theme, we can first iterate on the website and merge a new theme version, and only after that can we switch to the new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of bigger changes to the theme, we can first iterate on the website and merge a new theme version,
and only after that can we switch to the new
```

Reviewer: we don't want the line to be super long

Author: done!

version of the theme.

# Fixing historical documentation

Sometimes we need to update historical documentation (modify generated `html`) - for example, when we find
bad links or when we change some of the structure in the documentation. This can be done via the
`airflow-site-archive` repository. The workflow is as follows:

1. Get the latest version of the documentation from S3 to `airflow-site-archive` repository using

>    `Sync S3 to GitHub` workflow. This will download the latest version of the documentation from S3 to

Reviewer: Good catch, it's actually named as `Sync S3 to GitHub` here https://github.com/apache/airflow-site-archive/blob/main/.github/workflows/s3-to-github.yml

Author: done!

   `airflow-site-archive` repository (this should normally be not needed, if automated synchronization works).
2. Make the changes to the documentation in `airflow-site-archive` repository. This can be done using any

>    text editor, scripts, etc. Those files are generated as `html` files and are not meant to be regenerated,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   text editor, script, etc. Those files are generated as `html` files and are not meant to be regenerated,
```

Author: done!

## Manually publishing documentation directly to S3

The regular publishing workflows involve running a GitHub Actions workflow, and they cover the majority of cases.
However, sometimes, some manual updates and cherry-picks are needed, when we discover problems with the
publishing and doc building code - for example, when we find that we need to fix extensions to sphinx.

In such a case, the release manager or a committer can build and publish documentation locally - providing that
they configure AWS credentials to be able to upload files to S3. You can ask in
the #internal-airflow-ci-cd channel on Airflow Slack to get your AWS credentials configured.

> You can check out locally a version of airflow repo that you need and apply any cherry-picks you need before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can checkout locally a version of airflow repo that you need and apply any cherry-picks you need before
```

I think it stands for `git checkout`. It's better to keep it this way

Author: done!

## Manually publishing documentation via `apache-airflow-site-archive` repo

If you do not have S3 credentials and want to be careful about publishing the documentation, you can also
use publishing via `apache-airflow-site-archive` repository. This is a little more complex, but it allows
you to publish documentation without having S3 credentials.

The process is as follows:

1. Run `Sync s3 to GitHub` workflow in `apache-airflow-site-archive` repository. This will download the
   latest version of the documentation from S3 to `airflow-site-archive` repository (this should normally be
   not needed, if automated synchronization works).

> 2. Check out the `apache-airflow-site-archive` repository and create a branch for your changes.

Reviewer: Same here

Author: done!
